What are the special things we (husband and me) can do during a 5 day stay at Cape Town?
What are the companies which organize shark feeding events for scuba divers?
Is it safe for female traveller to go alone to Cape Town?
What are the best places around Cape Town for safari?
What are the best places to stay for a family to stay away from nightlife?
What are the train services that travels from cape town to Oudtshoorn?
What are the best places to spend about 2 weeks relaxing honeymoon in South Africa?
Can we use travellers cheques and credit cards in Cape Town?
Is it warm enough to swim in early September in Cape Town?
What are the best beaches for shelling in CapeTown?
I want to find a central location in Cape Town to stay with my family with ease access of food and necessities?
What are the differences between Shamwari and Kwandwe game reserves and what is the best?
From where can I find adventure activity camps in South Africa?
How can I select an apartment with best views on Lawhill apartments?
Is it okay to use Afrique Boutique Hotel shuttle service from/to airport or should I pick a taxi?
Is there any direct flights from Port Elizabeth to Victoria falls?
Can anyone suggest me a route to go from Cape Town to Cape Point?
Can anyone suggest me an itinerary from Port Elizabeth for 2 weeks for self driving road trip?
What resort would you recommend in and around Cape Town for a couple with a 5 year old towards the end of October?
Can anyone recommend a place with lovely views to stay in Knysna for 2 nights in middle of January, 2017?
Is it possible to camping in Kruger National Park for few nights, sleeping in our own tent?
Do we have to navigate to another terminal to get into domestic flights to Skukuza?
Are chip and signature credit cards accepted in South Africa, or is a chip and pin required?
What are the cruise lines I can use to go from Cape Town to Lisbon
Can you suggest me must see places & budget required for trip Sightseeing activities as we are coming to SA for 7 day stay for anniversary celebrations.
What are the advantages/disadvantages of visiting La Digue on Sunday?
What are the best places to spend honeymoon in Seychelles?
Can anyone suggest a good itinerary for our 4 day stay at Seychelles?
Which La Digue Island hotels are cheap for lunch and dinner?
Would rain be a deal breaker at the end of November for tourists?
How can I get the details about ferry services to go between islands in Seychelles?
What are the cost effective car rental services around Mahe?
How much cash should I carry for the incidental expenses when travelling from Praslin to La Digue ?
What are some reputable tour companies that offer tours to Praslin and/or La Digue?
Can you please suggest the best Scuba diving spots in Seychelles?
How is the watersports availability during the month of December in Seychelles?
Are there any restaurants or bars near Kempinski, Mahe ?
would it be worth hiring a car to explore the Seychelles island?
As a Libyan citizen do i have to take visa for visit Seychelles?
From where can I try best local food in Seychelles?
Is it worth to going on a glass bottom boat to 3 islands ?
Can you suggest a place to stay during our honeymoon on September where we can avoid from seaweeds?
What is the best currency to use in Seychelles USD, GBP or Euro?
Can anyone who has recently married in the Seychelles recommend a wedding planner or should I go via a travel agent?
How much will be the cost of taxi from Mahe international airport to Berjaya Beau Vallon Bay Resort?
What kind of weather I can expect in mid of July in Seychelles?
Is it possible to visit Spice Gardens from ferry terminal using local bus?
Which hotels on Mahe have interconnecting rooms ?
From where can I rent bikes and sidecars for babies in La Digue?
Where is the Mosque in Praslin Island located?
Can anyone advice me a good bridal makeup artist and hairdresser in Seychelles?
Where will be the best shop to buy food and drinks for our 7 day sailing trip?
Could anyone put me in contact with a person I could hire a beach tent or canopies table chairs for a birthday celebration with 50 pax?
Can anyone recommend a good place to stay for couples with great snorkelling on hand and beautiful private beaches?
Do you have to protect your feet while swimming in the seychelles from fish (I have seen pictures of stone fish there) and jellyfish?
Where should I stay to get the best view of pyramids?
How is the weather in Agadir on September?
Does a US citizen need visa to enter to Morocco?
How can I find a riad in Medina to stay for a week in October?
Are there any lockers in train stations? Or maybe in the center of towns?
Can you suggest a 8 day itinerary which covers most of the important places starting from Marrakech?
From where can I rent a 4WD vehicle in Marrakech?
What are the places we can visit around Tangier within 12 hours?
Do rooms tend to have safes in them or are there safes in reception in hotels in Marrakech?
What are the good hotels to stay for a solo female traveller in Marrakech?
How can I book trains with beds to travel in night from Marrakech to Tanger?
Where I can find long term rental apartments in Casablanca?
Could anyone recommend any nice restaurants within walking distance of Riu Tikida Dunas?
Can anyone please advise of a really nice spa in Essaouira?
Where to buy some good wine in Essaouira?
How to get to Asilah from Casablanca?
From where can I find a good street map of Marrakech?
Could you please advice some tour companies who might provide transport from and to our hotel or are we better off taking a taxi from airport?
What kind of places I can visit for bird watching near Marrakech?
When does the fishing season begin in Bin El ouidane ?
Do I need a converter or just a power adapter from the U.S. to use in Morocco?
From Where can I hire a local guide in Nairobi?
How can find good accommodation near Samburu National Reserve?
Does anyone know of a place to rent a good Canon telephoto lenses (ideally a 400MM) in Kenya for safari?
Which tour operators provide basic tented accommodation inside the park with 4x4 jeep safari for the game drives in Maasai Mara National Reserve?
Is there a constant sandbank at the ocean in Diani beach?
Has anyone used Scandinavian bus from Nairobi to Dar Es salaam?
Can anyone suggest about rent a car companies, prices in Mombasa?
Which companies offer balloon rides around Maasai Mara National Reserve?
Where is the most popular place for nightlife in Nairobi??
Can anyone suggest a central location to spend a relaxing holiday in Madagascar?
What are the best national parks in Madagascar that I can cover within 2 weeks?
Can someone suggest me a place to stay nearby the forello expo centre in Antananarivo?
What are the commonly speaking languages in Madagascar?
How reliable are the Air Madagascar flights back to johannesburg?
Does anyone know how to buy from Madagascar Air online?
How much currency should I be looking to take during my 2 weeks stay at Madagascar?
What are the average costs per day I should take into account as an mid range traveller?
Can I cover snorkeling and whale watching within 4 days at Nosy Bohara?
Can someone suggest a good places to visit during our honeymoon at Madagascar?
Does anyone know if there are good surf spots around Ifaty?
Are there surfboard rental shop in the area?
Am I correct in believing that I will need to get a visa before I go for a stay of over 30 days but under 2 months?
What are the good restaurants near Saint Lucia Reserve Madagascar?
What is the most used currency at Madagascar?
